# Meeting Agenda

**Date:**  2023/12/03
**Time:**   2:00pmCT
**Location:**   discord

## Attendees:   
- Bob
- Josh
- Kelly
- James

## Item 1: (Governing Docs)

**Presenter:** Kelly

- Governing Docs Updates:

> I reviewed the docs. We should discuss cleaning up / providing more clarity on how things may be handled if a member resigns.  
>
> Under Member Resignation, it says that the resignation will take effect immediately and that this person is not allowed to work for the cooperative for one month. 
>
> Does this mean we don’t take a time notice and they will lose their access immediately? 
>
> As well, for the costs they’re responsible for, is that for the year? 
>
>Or at what point are they no longer responsible for the costs?

Proposed edit:

Member Resignation

> A member shall have the right to resign as a member of the cooperative by filing with the secretary of the cooperative a written notice of resignation. The resignation shall become effective immediately without any action on the part of the cooperative. An individual will not be allowed to work for the cooperative for one month following voluntary termination of membership unless her or his membership is reinstated by the cooperative. Resignation shall relieve the resigning member of paying membership dues.

Vote:
Bob: y
Josh: y
Kelly: y
James: y

## Item 2: (Veridomo)

**Presenter:** Kelly
( https://docs.google.com/document/d/1XwkNXwWU8vJC2niky7TDnwnPho5iCqatpzZa8F30VTU/edit )
	- Discuss content/questions on the (Veridomo) Project Summary and Feasibility Google Doc
		- Review Google keyword search results  
		- Ideas on how we estimate is the total demand for this service?
		- Then what do we estimate is the serviceable available market? 
	- Competitors 
		- Google Site Verification API 
		- Any others?
		- How could we differentiate ourselves?
	- What would our rough monetary goal be to make this worth it? 

- **Expected Outcome:** Hypothesize what our expected TAM and SAM are that will inform what our next action items should be i.e., draft a flow for V1 and V2, marketing website content, etc. 

## Item 3: ( find times to meet )

- **Expected Outcome:** having time slots through the week to meet up

**Expected Outcome:** (Expected outcome of the discussion)

## Additional Items for Discussion:

- Josh had brought up a point about how we should calculate resignation, going until the end of the period.
- re-using google site verification

## Next Steps:

- add TAM, SAM to veridomo docs

## Next Meeting:

- 12/23/2023, 2:00PM Central, discord
