# Meeting Agenda

**Date:**  2024-04-13
**Time:**   2PM CST
**Location:**   Google Meet: meet.google.com/qyk-dkmo-qpw

## Attendees:   
- Bob
- James
- Josh
- Kelly
- Emily?

# Reminders

This is the first meeting we will hold in Google Meet!  Invite is here: meet.google.com/qyk-dkmo-qpw

## 9Zero/TechInSF Contract Update

James and Bob can provide updates on this contract.  After finishing out various Zapier work connecting the client's services, we have primarily focused on building out their Fliplet app into a fully featured sign up form that handles multiple different workflows and needs.  We have routinely met the client's expectations and completed work even when given new requirements and short timelines.

## Additional Items for Discussion:

- Emily introduction?
- Chris Leonard Debrief (re: Hiring Contractors) - Security Concerns, Steps for Removing Access, Discord etiquette, etc.
- New bylaws: 
  - Hiring contractors: 
    - Implementing a short trial period to evaluate one's work before longer commitments; they will be paid at the full rate. This is meant to help us prevent another Chris Leonard situation.
  - Scope expansion/creep during a contract:
    - If a client requests scope expansion during a contract, we will append the existing proposal and require that the client sign off in order to ensure additional billable hours will be paid out.  This is to prevent a client from taking advantage of us and demanding work be done for free.
  - Contract fees
    - Future contracts will be updated with verbiage that indicates that clients are responsible for fees encountered during a contract.  A good example is fees for payment - wiring money, going through a service such as Paypal/Venmo/Zelle, etc.  
    - We also need to add verbiage regarding fees for services and other expenses that are encountered during a contract.  For example, if a client wants work pertaining to a SAAS component integration that requires a paid tier to work, they will be responsible for it.  This also includes if their current tier does not support the level of service needed, such as moving to a tier that allows more users, better monitoring, additional options/settings, etc.
- Bryan Cotton Warehouse Website - Quick overview on pending contract

## Previous Action Items
- [COMPLETED] Action Item, James: Set up a recurring meeting in Google Meet and send out to CCS members
- [COMPLETED] Action Item, Bob: Wrap up 2024-03-16 notes, finalize PR, ultimately merge in after approval is obtained after review.
- [COMPLETED] Action Item, Bob and Josh: Work together on 3/17/24 (tomorrow) on Zapier integration pipeline to interface with James's work (Fliplet hooks).  Aim is to spend 2-4 hours on this.

## Next Steps:
- Action Item, team:  Microstartup ideals - ResumePush viability, "Startup Pack for Startups" project
- Action Item, team:  Complete 9Zero Contract 
- Action Item, Bob:   Research desk sharing app (long term reservations, such as what 9Zero would need)
- Action Item, Bob:   Bryan Cotton Warehouse Website

## Next Meeting:

- April 27 @2PM CST - Google Meet: meet.google.com/qyk-dkmo-qpw