# Meeting Agenda

**Date:**  2024-03-16
**Time:**   2pm
**Location:**   discord

## Attendees:   
- Bob
- James
- Josh

# Reminders

## 9Zero/TechInSF Contract Update

James and Bob can provide updates on this contract.  Work has progressed smoothly as we have worked to set up Zapier integrations, test them, and update information/settings inside of the various services/apps that are being used by the client (such as Hubspot, Chargebee, DocuSign, and so on).

## 1120-C: Taxes

**Presenter:** Bob

Crystal completed a review of the 1120-C application on 3/11/24.  Her notes were as follows:

1) Because we - as a company - made under $250,000 in fiscal year 2023, question 14 of Schedule K was answered yes; this means we do not have to fill out Schedules G (Page 3), L (Page 5), M-1 (Page 5), or M-2 (Page 5).
2) She noted that she accepts the financials as correct/valid.
3) She was able to review the form very quickly, and as such, did not charge us to complete the work.

James was advised about what changes to be made (clear out the aforementioned Schedules listed above, confirm the financial numbers one last time) and also signed the 1120C form.

Bob printed out the documents - the 1120C and 1125A - and sent them via Priority Mail from the USPS Office at 1822 W Breaker Lane in Austin, TX, 78758 (called the "Bluebonnet" station) at roughly 8:20 AM CST on 3/14/24 (Thursday).  The tracking number is 9505 5162 4433 4074 8946 01 (can be checked at https://tools.usps.com/go/TrackConfirmAction_input).  As of 3/15/24 (Friday), the tracking shows it is expected to arrive on 3/18/24 (Monday).

These documents needed to be postmarked by the 15th, not received by that date.  So we should be good here.

## Additional Items for Discussion:

- Emily introduction, sending out an application for membership.
- Update on asking William Bausman if he'd be open to a PT apprenticeship to setup GCloud Functions, and/or Zapier flows at $? per zap, and/or gcloud javascript using the serverless framework
- ResumePush

## Previous Action Item Follow up

- [COMPLETED] Action Item (Mar 16th James): All members will need to DM their PII to James to complete the FinCen BOI
- [COMPLETED] Action Item (Mar 16th Josh): Log into stripe, create a new membership dues payment link set to $37.52, share it with the class.
- [COMPLETED] Action Item (Due Mar 16th Bob): pass the 1120-C for Crystal to review, at Bob's suggested rate of $200/hour 1 to 2hrs.
- [COMPLETED] Action Item (Due Mar 15th, Bob and James): 1120C and 1125A forms were printed and mailed on 3/14/24.
- [COMPLETED] Action Item ( from Jan-20th ) ( ALL Due NO LATER Than by March 16th meeting ) https://boiefiling.fincen.gov/boir/html
- [COMPLETED] Action Item: Put up for vote: Increasing monthly dues to $37.52 to cover E&O, liability, infrastructure costs see expenses spreadsheet in google docs.


## Next Steps:

TBD

## Next Meeting:

- Mar 30 @2pm Central - discord
